enh(epp) elasticsearch monitoring proc v2 (#336)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-databases-elasticsearch.md

    --port=9200 \
    --proto=http \
    --plugin=database::elasticsearch::restapi::plugin \
    --mode=node-statistics \
    --filter-name='Node 1'  \
    --username='Elasticsearch_username' \
    --warning-disk-free='20%' \
    --critical-disk-free='5%'
```

Output: 

```bash
OK: Node 'i-Vertix Node 1' JVM Heap: 26%, Free Disk Space: 1.56TB, Documents: 4362761044, Data: 1.26TB | 'i-Vertix Node 1#node.jvm.heap.usage.percentage'=26%;;;0;100 'i-Vertix Node 1#node.jvm.heap.usage.bytes'=36380302240B;;;0;137151119360 'i-Vertix Node 1#node.disk.free.bytes'=1710072680448B;;;0;3113589145600 'i-Vertix Node 1#node.documents.total.count'=4362761044;;;0; 'i-Vertix Node 1#node.data.size.bytes'=1386278479651B;;;0;
```

The command request statistic to the Elasticsearch node named 'Node 1' (```--mode=node-statistics --filter-name='Node 1```) with the IP/FQDN address *168.253.16.125* (```--hostname=168.253.16.125```).
We will use the port 9200 (```--port=9200```) and the http protocol (```proto=http''```).
The username of the datebase is *Elasticsearch_username* (```--username='Elasticsearch_username'```) and its pasword is *Elasticsearch_password*(```--password='Elasticsearch_password'```). 

> A warning thresold has been set (```--warning-disk-free='20%''```) if the free disk space reach 20% and a critical one (```--critical-disk-free='5%'```) if it's at 5%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This command will trigger a WARNING alert if there is less than 20% of free space on the disk (```--warning-disk-free='20%''```) and CRITICAL alerter if less than 5% (```--critical-disk-free='5%'```).
```

Some thresholds can also be set on metrics with options "--warning-*" and "--critical-*".

> Threshold warning can be: 'jvm-heap-usage', 'disk-free', 'documents-total' or 'data-size'.
> Threshold critical can be: 'jvm-heap-usage', 'disk-free', 'documents-total' or 'data-size'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
